with this central square of the mall
boulevard once you walk you notice that
a major exhibition in the military police
on the other side of the civilian police
firemen
here also the personnel of the battalion of
state highway police
we will show that the restoration with
firefighters and equipment that are
used by these corporations
the military police of the corps of
firemen
we have
It's just in the cup.
W
including their work is very
important
Let's give details but soon we
We also have heavy armaments used
by the crash squad being also
and shown with this second
safety
the second one is safely
the friend's bike used by the battalion
of the state of Bahia that
material up to what he has also
by the battalion
we asked for weapons or
n 7 62 years and Flemish with the games
said heavy used also by psol
How do you know this year fell in the case of
explosive material
one speaks that a whole structure with this
goal people
appeared that this second time with
safety
Look at friends for the purpose of collecting
security here police military police
dp tape and draws much attention from
community and across the English
2015 insurance
see again in your populism
not be able to access them and close
years armaments equipment fitting equipment
used by the
the specialized activity dollars
valuable knowledge is a wide range of
of important equipment isaaa only
that what
there inside the license
which allows us to say that the police
military goes
has therefore come from long ago pleased
for that reason a family and call law
currently working on the command of
regional policing that staff
It is already the staff of the already is with several
equipment used by the grouping
Air Military Police of the state of
bay
and here the people of the canopy without the
company of
the environmental police is more
interesting because they are animals
stuffed as the lyrical cleaning
region
Let's do it too.
tauana wild animals unfortunately
are apprehension learned from nature are
lawfully marketed that it stood
some animal weapons used to
home he cursing dogs come up oral with
importance of this exposure at the time
in which it draws the attention of the community
to preserve the amaral nature
aware with society
the role it is important to preserve the
nature
so the nets is to pay my cup is
fight the work remains a chance to
prove environmental education
and this matter that I here we have one
the stuffed animals
but the father is the technician's right name
Portuguese
Totti at the beginning but
and if you already have a long time the image together
on the way
also lead the population to the society that
not aware of the animal
how it works is here we have the
her husband must attend a boycott
fachin is a marine mother
the hawk God is here protects
a low in the trees
but what is seized material material
seized that the region also the hawk
and we also have this material is cd
or products that politicians and
This is the third largest
product would then be a one -off
hit cpi
the funk of years it takes a while
within the nature of the term
for example to participate in these activities
allied wood 15 years and the man bank
disguised as elite
the renowned to use looks is that thanks
morning sun and the information then the
cop company police company
that the people of the battle
road police with many
metal detectors and
other equipment that is also
used on a day-to-day basis at work is
public safety stolen police
state highway
Good then this second exposed security
here in the shopping boulevard in fair of
santana reportage nei silva